Introduction
	Hello, is this ___? Yeah, hello there. My name is James, a funding advisor for EuroSeal. How's your day been today you okay?
	Awe, that's brilliant to hear! A quick call, to inform you about our shop at the end of the year.
	And in preparation for that, we are promoting some funding through a recycling scheme, so you know where you live.
	You're getting a knock on the door from one of our guys, promoting this funding to see if homeowners can get up to £3000 back for older home improvements. 
	Now where this is a recycling scheme, this isn't means-tested. The age of the windows on the property. Do you know how old they are?
	Would you say they're 5/10 or 15 years old?
	Yes
	That's brilliant, so that would mean that you are 100% entitled to the recycling scheme, as the windows on the property aren't energy efficient anymore. 
	Now obviously, you aren't interested right now. The shop isn't around till the end of the year.
	So hypothetically, if you were ready for the end of the year, would you go for a white, brown, green, grey or blue?
	Now, when you consider doing it. Would it be the front for looks, the back for security? Or would you do it all in one go? If the price was right?
	Okay, so how many would that be? And out of those, how many of them are bay windows?
	Consolidation
	Okay, just so you know what we do, we will knock on, measure everything up, show you samples and then leave you the price you're entitled to through this recycling scheme.
	Now, all I'm going to ask of you is if the price and the products we leave with you are low and affordable enough. Just give us a call in the next 12 months, and if you don't like it in any way, throw it straight in the bin because this is a No-Obligation quote.
	Is this fair enough?
	Booking
	Now, we are under a glass and glazing federation when we come out to see you. Do you have a partner that lives with you, as we have to see both homeowners?
	And you are both the homeowners?
	Okay, we are in the area all week from morning till late afternoon. What time would it be best to catch you both? Would it be in the morning, afternoon or late afternoon?
	(Mon-Fri 10/1030, 12/1230, 14/1430, 16/1630, 18/1830)
	(Sat 10/1030, 12/1230, 14/1430, 16/1630)
	Brilliant, so please let your partner know about this scheme and that we are coming out to see you both. We don't want to knock on and scare them, as that's not a very good first impression, now is it. 
	So finally, the last and most crucial part of the phone call. My boss will give you a call shortly to let you know who's coming out to you and ask you three questions.
	Firstly, he'll ask if it's okay we call on ___ at ___, so say that's fine. 
	Then he'll ask what we are leaving the price on, so just let him know it's the windows. 
	Finally, he will say I know you aren't interested right now, and you are under no obligation. However, if you did get the right price, do you know when you might start? Just let him know it'll be within the next 12 months if you get the right price. Is that okay?
	Fantastic, now be honest with me. You don't mind us coming out and leaving you this piece of paper with the price on it, right? 
	And this is the best way to contact you, or would it be your landline?
	You can answer your phone when my boss calls on an 07 number or an 01782 number from our home office. If you don't recognise the number, give it a quick call back it'll be my boss.
	>>Excellent, well in regards to this call. I'm going to love you and leave you. We will see you on ___ at ___. Thank you for your time. Goodbye.
